## Reflection for Milestone

For this project, our goal is to display a dashboard about FIFA Stars from Kaggle's "FIFA 19 complete player dataset" so that users will be able to explore different aspects of football stars. From milestone 1, we discussed and decided the primary layout and we applied that into our dashboard during milestone 2. We created four dropdown boxes on the left hand side, a 10-row-table in the middle with another dropbox, and two histograms on the right. Using the left four dropdown boxes, users will be able to explore different aspects of football players through sorting by one attribute from the attribute list('Value', 'Overall', 'Potential', 'Height', 'Weight') with ascending or descending orders, filtering by continent and clubs. Users can select which attribute(s) they would like to see on the displaying table using the dropdown box above it while “Ranking” and “Name” will always be the first and second columns of the table and they won’t be deleted. If users choose to rank by an attribute without selecting it in the dropdown box, it will keep staying in the table. The histograms are about the sum of “Overall” score from FIFA stars VS “Club” and “Nationality”, respectively. Their y-axis will change along with filtering from users' clicking. 

In the coming week, we are going to do more implementations. The output table is only showing top ten FIFA stars from ranking and the histograms are not showing exact "Overall" values on y-axis. We will work on making our dashboard more flexible so that the users will be able to choose what range of rankings they want through dragging dots on a bar under the table. We would also optimize the y-scale of the histogram and add tooltips to the bars in order to give the audience a clear sense about this information. "Values" and "Wages" from financial features are showing up with UK pounds and the numbers are very large, so we will transfer them into thousands(ending with k) and millions(ending with M) to make it more readable. In addition, we will also focus on optimizing the layout and sizes of the outputs to take full advantage of the space and make it more organized. 

Our dashboard gives users clear information about rankings, attributes and the uses of dropdown boxes. While rankings in our dashboard are dominated by overall value of stars so users might not be able to explore football from different aspects. To improve this, we would add more charts that are led by positions, prior foot with clubs in the games. So that we can show potentials and strengths of different roles in the games.  Another limitation is that our dashboard does not have a colorful and attractive display to get attention from the audience. We will try to discover more dash functions to make visualizations better and probably try 3D plots.



